there's a fastball swung on in myths
achieving the big leagues that's living
the life four runs in and beginning
here's a 3-1 pitch or so it seems hey
hearse let's put on the disabled list 30
year old canton south high school
graduate Dirk Hayhurst was selected by
the San Diego Padres in the eighth round
of the 2003 Major League Baseball Draft
after pitching his way to Fort Kent
State University conference
championships but his dream come true is
more like a nightmare so Dirk turned to
writing most athlete memoirs were like
oh look at how awesome I am I'm so great
aren't you glad you're reading my story
of inspiration and my book is it's
inspiring but not because I'm awesome
it's inspiring because I'm human
hayhurst first book the bullpen gospels
chronicled his 2007 season in the minors
the honest memoir of a turbulent life in
the minors quickly became a best-seller
and i think that i could have very
easily went over the edge into no
alcohol addiction or or even affairs or
whatever because it's up there and
people offer it to you at that level
because you're famous the honest
portrayal of the baseball grind earned
praise from renowned political writer
and commentator Keith Olbermann first
this brief plug we already plugged it
twice this week and it remains 18th on
Amazon's bestsellers list Dirk Hayhurst
poignant hilarious thought-provoking
story of his journey through the reality
of being a minor league baseball player
talk about avoiding the ego and avoiding
the materialistic part of the game how
does your wife factor into that I wife's
job is vastly more important and
impactful than my job she works with
mentally handicapped children she works
in hospital situations he's suffering
from Alzheimer's I mean these are
horrible diseases and every day she goes
and she works with these people for way
less money than a baseball player will
make bonnie is a main character in
Hayhurst new book which debuts februari
28 it's called out of my league it's not
just a fluffy diary about guys who did
not eat stuff I mean there's there's a
heartfelt message there about overcoming
adversity in Hudson Allie LaForce Fox 8
News
you